What deal?
Let your woman sleep with me
I will spare your life.
He doesn't like you, does he?
Wrap your wealth with me
I only like my husband
Other men are shit
I don't think you know
I want you to die three times, and you won't be able to live
Don't be afraid.
Yes, I am with you.
Just based on the few patrols you called
They're scared out of their wits.
Are you still confident?
You're wrong. I didn't call those arrests at all.
The person I called hasn't arrived yet.
But it should be soon.
Then I'll wait.
Don't wait.
See you beautiful seam
Hey, all friends. You are welcome
Xie Nanfeng, you want to kill my brother
How how
He is Mei Feng
Your brother got down on his knees and apologized to my brother and sister-in-law
Just pretend it never happened.
Mom, my Yan family is the king, okay?
It's even with you
You made me kneel
It's too much.
I can't. What about him?
What a royal decree